for easy entertaining make heart-healthy
Vietnamese spring rolls for your next
party I'm Jayden here from steamy
kitchen calm and I'm Diana Johnson from
eating richly calm if you've ever been
to Vietnamese restaurant I'm sure you've
seen these these are Vietnamese spring
rolls the Vietnamese spring rolls are
filled with fresh vegetables so
incredibly healthy and of course our
favorite cut of meat pork right this is
the sirloin tip roast which you can
actually only get at costco and this is
one of the few cut sets has the American
Heart Association seal of approval so
you can be sure that when you're serving
these Vietnamese spring rolls with the
sirloin tip roast that this is very
healthy for your family all right onions
a bed of onions and oranges just go
ahead and dump it all in there and this
kind of just acts like a bed for the
pork okay slide that pork in you we
seasoned it with some salt and pepper
and you can add some ground coriander to
it and for the moisture I have orange
juice and chicken broth just go ahead
and dump that in and turn your oven on
to you can really any type of
temperature anywhere from a 275 to 350
for four hours let's show everybody
what's going to look like when it comes
out so very small and this is the rice
paper and what you're going to do is go
ahead and dip it in your surface really
needs will be a little bit dry it
because if it's too wet it's going to
slip and slide around what you want to
do next is fold this in half in a half
circle and the first thing that I'm
going to put on is pork the very thinly
sliced pork and I'm going to place all
my ingredients near the bottom closest
to me so this is just read about the
perfect amount and are you ready I'm
ready okay so lift up the bottom and
just roll three ingredients for the
dipping sauce so we've got fresh ginger
root here which is absolutely delicious
and it's a must for making these spoon
some of the dipping sauce into a small
bowl and this is really just how you
serve it you can find this recipe as
well as many others on pork be inspired
calm